{
"WELCOME_MSG":"The exempt questionnaire will guide you in determining if your research is eligible for exemption from 45CFR46 or if comprehensive review is required. You must complete questionnaire prior to the start of your research. Please review all questions carefully before responding. Donot skip any questions. If you are unsure, you can save your progress and return the question later. An incomplete questionnaire will not return the appropriate response. Failure to complete the questionnaire will be considered a violation and will result in automatic suspension of the study and related research grants. Any human subject research conducted under the auspices of mit is subject to audit. Investigators are required to follow responsibilities and guidance as outlined in the Investigator Responsibility Guidelines. If you would like any clarifications or further assistance, you are encouraged to call or e-mail the COUHES office. Remember, you can always save your progress and return at another time! Please answer the questions truthfully and honestly. The MIT research community is counting on you!",
"ABOUT_QUESTIONNAIRE_MSG":"An exempt determination is made dependent upon the level of risk associated with the research and involvement of human subjects as described in 45CFR 46.101(b). As you answer the questionnaire, helpful information will appear in the guidance module. If you would like any clarifications or further assistance, you are encouraged to call or e-mail the COUHES office.",
"EXEMPT_MSG":"Your study is eligible for exempt status. Please see the next page for the Investigator Compliance Guidelines.",
"NOT_EXEMPT_MSG":"Your study is not eligible for exempt status and requires comprehensive review. Please see COUHES.MIT.edu for instructions.",
"OTHER_MSG":"COUHES review not required",
"PI_DECLARATION":"As PI, I certify that the above information is complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge. I understand that the determination of non-exempt status for the proposed research is based solely upon the information provided in this questionnaire and I agree to complete a new questionnaire should any of these fact change or be determined to be inaccurate or incomplete."
}